\input texinfo
@setfilename manual
@settitle s21_3DViewer v2.0
@chapter  3D Viewer
3D Viewer is a program for viewing 3D wireframe models.

There may be only one model on the screen at a time.

The program must provide the ability to:
@itemize
@item
Load a wireframe model from an obj file (vertices and surfaces list support only).
@item
Translate the model by a given distance in relation to the X, Y, Z axes.
@item
Rotate the model by a given angle in relation to its X, Y, Z axes.
@item
Rotate the model by a given angle in relation to its X, Y, Z axes.
@end itemize

3D Viewer contains:
@itemize
@item
A button to select the model file and a field to output its name.
@item
A visualisation area for the wireframe model.
@item
Button/buttons and input fields for translating the model.
@item
Button/buttons and input fields for rotating the model.
@item
Button/buttons and input fields for scaling the model.
@item
Information about the uploaded model - file name, number of vertices and edges.
@end itemize

@chapter Settings
@itemize
@item
The program allows customizing the type of projection (parallel and central)
@item
The program allows setting up the type (solid, dashed), color and thickness of the edges,
display method (none, circle, square), color and size of the vertices
@item
The program allows choosing the background color
@item
Settings are saved between program restarts
@end itemize

@chapter Record

@itemize
@item
The program allows saving the captured (rendered) images as bmp and jpeg files.
@item
The program allows recording small screencasts - the current custom affine transformation
of the loaded object into gif-animation (640x480, 10fps, 5s) by a special button
@end itemize

@bye
